Preparation
You require the WS-011T00A-SEA-DC1, WS-011T00A-SEA-SVR1, and WS-011T00A-SEA-ADM1 virtual machines to complete this demonstration.
Demonstration steps
Sign in to SEA-ADM1 as Contoso\Administrator with the password Pa55w.rd.
Open Windows PowerShell.
Enter the following commands:
New-ADOrganizationalUnit -Name "Seattle_Servers" Get-ADComputer SEA-SVR1 | Move-ADObject –TargetPath "OU=Seattle_Servers,DC=Contoso,DC=com" 
Enter the following command:
Msiexec /I C:\Labfiles\Mod08\LAPS.x64.msi 
When the Local Administrator Password Solution Setup Wizard opens, select Next.
Select I accept the terms in the License Agreement, and then select Next.
Under Custom Setup, in the Management Tools drop-down menu, select Entire feature will be installed on the local hard drive.
Select Next, and then select Install.
Select Finish.
After installation is complete, enter the following commands:
Import-Module admpwd.ps 
Update-AdmPwdADSchema 
Set-AdmPwdComputerSelfPermission -Identity "Seattle_Servers" 
Select Start, and then enter Group Policy.
Select Group Policy Management.
In the Group Policy Management Console, expand Forest: Contoso.com , expand Domains, expand Contoso.com , right-click or access the context menu for the Seattle_Servers OU, and then select Create a GPO in this domain, and Link it here.
In the New GPO dialog box, in the Name text box, enter LAPS_GPO, and then select OK.
In the Group Policy Management window, under Seattle_Servers, right-click or access the context menu for LAPS_GPO, and then select Edit.
In the Group Policy Management Editor window, under Computer Configuration, expand Policies, expand Administrative Templates nodes, and then select LAPS.
Select the Enable local admin password management policy, and then select the policy settings link.
In the Enable local admin password management window, select Enabled, and then select OK.
Select the Password Settings policy, and then select the policy settings link.
In the Password Settings policy dialog box, select Enabled, and configure Password Length as 20.
Verify that the Password Age (Days) is configured to 30, and then select OK.
Switch to SEA-SVR1 and sign in as Contoso\Administrator with the password Pa55w.rd.
Enter the following command:
Msiexec /I \\SEA-ADM1\c$\Labfiles\Mod08\LAPS.x64.msi 
When the Local Administrator Password Solution Setup Wizard opens, select Next.
Select I accept the terms in the License Agreement, and then select Next.
Select Next again, and then select Install.
Select Finish.
Enter the following command:
gpupdate /force 
Switch to SEA-ADM1.
Select Start, select LAPS, and then select LAPS UI.
In the LAPS UI dialog box, in the ComputerName text box, enter SEA-SVR1, and then select Search.
Review the Password and the Password expires values, and then select Exit.
In the Windows PowerShell window, enter the following command:
Get-AdmPwdPassword SEA-SVR1 | Out-Gridview 
Review the password assigned to SEA-SVR1.
Close the grid view window.
